[Music]
come welcome to slash forward in this
video we're going to take a brief senior
year crews to the grimy underbelly of
New York City and Friday the 13th party
Jason Takes Manhattan
let's get to it we get a momentary
reprieve from the traditional Pryor
movie recap opener as this film
tantalizes our senses with a seedy
narration overlaying a variety of scummy
1980s air in New York environments a
place primarily fit for pimps drug
addicts and recently graduated high
school students we then fade to a mini
yacht on Crystal Lake right as this
nubile young couple drops anchor
following the fine tradition of
misunderstanding the basic tenets of
foreplay Jimi proceeds to regale Suzy
with a detailed account of the Crystal
Lake mythology and a masterful bit of
ironic filmmaking Jimmy stays dry on
deck while the audiences submerged to
the lake bed where the anchor manages to
snag a mainline to the town's power grid
which happens to reanimate the
conveniently located corpse of Jason
Voorhees meanwhile still incapable of
fully appreciating the depths of his
failure
Jimmy pulls a shelly with his
movie-accurate prop mask which is
quickly acquired by jason who in another
callback to the third film grabs a
harpoon gun and guts Jimmy who
completely fails to react to the threat
presented before him
Jason then nonchalantly discovers Suzy
and manually harpoons her to death we
then get introduced to our main
character Rennie who's gifted upend by
her teacher the Penn originally belonged
to Stephen King she then arrives at the
Crystal Lake International Harbor
because apparently the lake is attached
to an estuary that feeds the Atlantic
she and her dog appear to be walk-ons
for this class trip which is being
chaperoned by the principal who's also
her guardian and with that this premise
has stretched nearly to its breaking
point we meet up with Captain Sean
Robertson a young man who has spent his
entire life cast in the darkness of his
father's shadow and has repeatedly
failed to live up to expectations he's
given control of the helm manages to
bone the launch and then decides to go
his own way in life we then get
confirmation that Jason is stowed away
and we're off in classic teen cruise
fashion with shuffleboard skeet shooting
and disco style dancing we're also shown
that Shawn and Rennie have a history
together before meeting some of the
other characters and getting to some
killin it starts with the a/v nerd and
his punk rock teens skid mark friend and
she goes off to find some production
value for her future music video the
boiler room is too good to resist and
she starts shredding right then and
there Jason Starks earned access her in
the face
daydreams about a slipper young boy
while changing to the worst pair of
jeans ever created establishing that she
is some sort of preternatural connection
to Jason meanwhile Julius is busy
getting in some light sparring while
Tamara and Eva Hornet up from the
skylight chasing that rainbow dragon
they both tuck away to snort some smack
Rennie interrupts them as she looks for
her dog Tamara is unsettled by the
possibility that Rennie may narc on them
so after a brief interlude where we see
Julius is sparring victim get a hot
sauna Stone inserted into his torso we
cut back to Tamara casually knocking
Rennie off the boat and she's briefly
tugged upon by the young boy before
being saved by Shawn she goes to her
cabin to wash up but is thwarted by
another vision
meanwhile Tamra determined to break the
scales of human shittiness presents her
biology project to the principal Charles
he puts up only lame protestations to
her expertly engineered thirst trap and
withers despite the conspicuously open
door he finds out this encounter sans
protestations was filmed by Wayne giving
the students future blackmail material
after cleaning off her body art Tamara
catches Jason creeping on her and is
mildly disturbed by this turn of events
right up to the point where he bursts in
on her causing her to become majorly
disturbed right to the point where he
dispatches her fittingly with a shard of
mirror we find out the Admiral is
preparing to navigate a major storm when
he loses the use of his first mate
shortly before finding himself suffering
a similar fate and without the
opportunity to warn anybody like
clockwork Shawn and Rennie find them and
send out an emergency announcement
taking the most sensible action scene in
a horror film and calling all survivors
to congregate in one place
unfortunately the group is thrown into a
tizzy when Jason cuts off all outside
communication and then the maritime
crazy Ralph gets the group all riled up
resulting in a difference of opinion on
how to proceed in everyone breaking off
in groups Eva goes to make sure Tamir is
apprised of the current situation and
comes to find she's well aware he runs
off to the dance hall and stands in the
middle of the stage until Jason
teleports in front of her and like the
b-side of a Lionel Richie single he
chokes her on the ceiling meanwhile the
badass Brigade straps up and goes for an
evening jaunt above deck Dwayne loses
his glasses and freaks out emptying his
scattergun into what he discovers to be
the maintenance man his guilt is
short-lived however when he gets
electrocuted
then we watched the puppet master taking
an unusually low tech approach to
solving his not dying problem which
works against him as he is
unceremoniously tossed from a height not
that it's meaningful in any way but
Jason comes through a porthole to grab
Rennie and she jabs in with Stephen
King's pen just as a fuel tank explodes
in the boiler room
floods forcing the remaining survivors
to the lifeboat Jason watches wistfully
from the deck deeply hurt that his
friends continue to refuse to let him
slaughter them
Julius pops up him the group rose for an
unknown amount of time before emerging
from the fog and finding themselves just
outside Liberty Island remember New York
the relief is short-lived as they find
themselves deep in the butthole of the
city as expected there promptly accosted
and abducted by a couple of local
scumbags causing the remainder of the
group to fall apart mentally and go
their separate ways
Rennie manages to score some free drugs
and before things get worse Jason shows
up and provides the ne'er-do-wells with
a technical demonstration of an
alternative way to shoot up Rennie uses
this opportunity to save herself Julius
is the next to be pursued he tries to
take the high ground but finds himself
stuck with no choice but to square off
and get to punch him he gets off to a
good start but as he begins to gasp out
we find that this is just an exhibition
match to showcase Jason's raw power as
he punches Julius's head clean off
Rennie is found by Shawn tripping balls
through the alleys of New York soon
they're reunited with the gang and a
couple of police officers the officers
are quickly murdered and then Rennie
runs down Jason but her hallucinations
get the best of her and she wrecks the
cruiser in a moment of character
development her ayahuasca trip brings
back a repressed memory of Uncle
Charles's terrible swim lessons which is
important for some reason the group
leaves him behind to confront Jason on
his own who he still doesn't believe his
real despite their numerous recent
interactions it's not possible
Jason punctuates his counter-argument by
tossing Charles out of a window and
brutally stuffing him into a sledge
filled barrel they then go on a final
chase about through the subway along the
city streets into a diner and then into
the sewer where Rennie and Shana manage
to get Jason caught in the nightly toxic
waste purge bringing this chapter to a
close and allowing them to continue on
with their sightseeing vacation and that
was chapter 8 jason spends some time in
new york which probably represents the
final traditional friday the 13th movie
until the remake I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching